poedb.tw/us/Perforate, Perforate
poedb.tw/us/Cleave, Cleave
poedb.tw/us/Glacial_Hammer, Glacial Hammer
poedb.tw/us/Ground_Slam, Ground Slam
poedb.tw/us/Heavy_Strike, Heavy Strike
poedb.tw/us/Molten_Strike, Molten Strike
poedb.tw/us/Shield_Crush, Shield Crush
poedb.tw/us/Smite, Smite
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Glacial_Hammer, Vaal Glacial Hammer
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Ground_Slam, Vaal Ground Slam
poedb.tw/us/Ancestral_Protector, Ancestral Protector
poedb.tw/us/Blood_and_Sand, Blood and Sand
poedb.tw/us/Decoy_Totem, Decoy Totem
poedb.tw/us/Devouring_Totem, Devouring Totem
poedb.tw/us/Holy_Flame_Totem, Holy Flame Totem
poedb.tw/us/Molten_Shell, Molten Shell
poedb.tw/us/Steelskin, Steelskin
poedb.tw/us/Rejuvenation_Totem, Rejuvenation Totem
poedb.tw/us/Reckoning, Reckoning
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Molten_Shell, Vaal Molten Shell
poedb.tw/us/Vigilant_Strike, Vigilant Strike
poedb.tw/us/War_Banner, War Banner
poedb.tw/us/Enduring_Cry, Enduring Cry
poedb.tw/us/Intimidating_Cry, Intimidating Cry
poedb.tw/us/Leap_Slam, Leap Slam
poedb.tw/us/Shield_Charge, Shield Charge
poedb.tw/us/Vitality, Vitality
poedb.tw/us/Absolution, Absolution
poedb.tw/us/Exsanguinate, Exsanguinate
poedb.tw/us/Chain_Hook, Chain Hook
poedb.tw/us/Infernal_Blow, Infernal Blow
poedb.tw/us/Searing_Bond, Searing Bond
poedb.tw/us/Sunder, Sunder
poedb.tw/us/Earthshatter, Earthshatter
poedb.tw/us/Sweep, Sweep
poedb.tw/us/Static_Strike, Static Strike
poedb.tw/us/Ancestral_Cry, Ancestral Cry
poedb.tw/us/Defiance_Banner, Defiance Banner
poedb.tw/us/Flesh_and_Stone, Flesh and Stone
poedb.tw/us/Corrupting_Fever, Corrupting Fever
poedb.tw/us/Herald_of_Purity, Herald of Purity
poedb.tw/us/Herald_of_Ash, Herald of Ash
poedb.tw/us/Seismic_Cry, Seismic Cry
poedb.tw/us/Anger, Anger
poedb.tw/us/Determination, Determination
poedb.tw/us/Battlemages_Cry, Battlemage's Cry
poedb.tw/us/Dread_Banner, Dread Banner
poedb.tw/us/Purity_of_Fire, Purity of Fire
poedb.tw/us/Generals_Cry, General's Cry
poedb.tw/us/Infernal_Cry, Infernal Cry
poedb.tw/us/Petrified_Blood, Petrified Blood
poedb.tw/us/Pride, Pride
poedb.tw/us/Punishment, Punishment
poedb.tw/us/Rallying_Cry, Rallying Cry
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Impurity_of_Fire, Vaal Impurity of Fire
poedb.tw/us/Vengeance, Vengeance
poedb.tw/us/Vulnerability, Vulnerability
poedb.tw/us/Warlords_Mark, Warlord's Mark
poedb.tw/us/Animate_Guardian, Animate Guardian
poedb.tw/us/Boneshatter, Boneshatter
poedb.tw/us/Reap, Reap
poedb.tw/us/Bladestorm, Bladestorm
poedb.tw/us/Dominating_Blow, Dominating Blow
poedb.tw/us/Consecrated_Path, Consecrated Path
poedb.tw/us/Ice_Crash, Ice Crash
poedb.tw/us/Earthquake, Earthquake
poedb.tw/us/Rage_Vortex, Rage Vortex
poedb.tw/us/Shockwave_Totem, Shockwave Totem
poedb.tw/us/Ancestral_Warchief, Ancestral Warchief
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Ancestral_Warchief, Vaal Ancestral Warchief
poedb.tw/us/Tectonic_Slam, Tectonic Slam
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Earthquake, Vaal Earthquake
poedb.tw/us/Berserk, Berserk
poedb.tw/us/Protective_Link, Protective Link
poedb.tw/us/Summon_Flame_Golem, Summon Flame Golem
poedb.tw/us/Flame_Link, Flame Link
poedb.tw/us/Immortal_Call, Immortal Call
poedb.tw/us/Summon_Stone_Golem, Summon Stone Golem
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Immortal_Call, Vaal Immortal Call
poedb.tw/us/Burning_Arrow, Burning Arrow
poedb.tw/us/Cobra_Lash, Cobra Lash
poedb.tw/us/Double_Strike, Double Strike
poedb.tw/us/Dual_Strike, Dual Strike
poedb.tw/us/Ethereal_Knives, Ethereal Knives
poedb.tw/us/Spectral_Throw, Spectral Throw
poedb.tw/us/Ice_Shot, Ice Shot
poedb.tw/us/Frost_Blades, Frost Blades
poedb.tw/us/Splitting_Steel, Splitting Steel
poedb.tw/us/Caustic_Arrow, Caustic Arrow
poedb.tw/us/Galvanic_Arrow, Galvanic Arrow
poedb.tw/us/Explosive_Trap, Explosive Trap
poedb.tw/us/Split_Arrow, Split Arrow
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Burning_Arrow, Vaal Burning Arrow
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Spectral_Throw, Vaal Spectral Throw
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Double_Strike, Vaal Double Strike
poedb.tw/us/Viper_Strike, Viper Strike
poedb.tw/us/Animate_Weapon, Animate Weapon
poedb.tw/us/Bear_Trap, Bear Trap
poedb.tw/us/Detonate_Dead, Detonate Dead
poedb.tw/us/Puncture, Puncture
poedb.tw/us/Dash, Dash
poedb.tw/us/Riposte, Riposte
poedb.tw/us/Shrapnel_Ballista, Shrapnel Ballista
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Detonate_Dead, Vaal Detonate Dead
poedb.tw/us/Precision, Precision
poedb.tw/us/Unearth, Unearth
poedb.tw/us/Blink_Arrow, Blink Arrow
poedb.tw/us/Flicker_Strike, Flicker Strike
poedb.tw/us/Mirror_Arrow, Mirror Arrow
poedb.tw/us/Smoke_Mine, Smoke Mine
poedb.tw/us/Whirling_Blades, Whirling Blades
poedb.tw/us/Withering_Step, Withering Step
poedb.tw/us/Barrage, Barrage
poedb.tw/us/Blade_Trap, Blade Trap
poedb.tw/us/Siege_Ballista, Siege Ballista
poedb.tw/us/Lacerate, Lacerate
poedb.tw/us/Elemental_Hit, Elemental Hit
poedb.tw/us/Fire_Trap, Fire Trap
poedb.tw/us/Lightning_Arrow, Lightning Arrow
poedb.tw/us/Lightning_Strike, Lightning Strike
poedb.tw/us/Poisonous_Concoction, Poisonous Concoction
poedb.tw/us/Rain_of_Arrows, Rain of Arrows
poedb.tw/us/Toxic_Rain, Toxic Rain
poedb.tw/us/Reave, Reave
poedb.tw/us/Shattering_Steel, Shattering Steel
poedb.tw/us/Venom_Gyre, Venom Gyre
poedb.tw/us/Spectral_Helix, Spectral Helix
poedb.tw/us/Blade_Vortex, Blade Vortex
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Lightning_Strike, Vaal Lightning Strike
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Blade_Vortex, Vaal Blade Vortex
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Rain_of_Arrows, Vaal Rain of Arrows
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Reave, Vaal Reave
poedb.tw/us/Volatile_Dead, Volatile Dead
poedb.tw/us/Blood_Rage, Blood Rage
poedb.tw/us/Blade_Blast, Blade Blast
poedb.tw/us/Desecrate, Desecrate
poedb.tw/us/Ensnaring_Arrow, Ensnaring Arrow
poedb.tw/us/Frenzy, Frenzy
poedb.tw/us/Herald_of_Agony, Herald of Agony
poedb.tw/us/Herald_of_Ice, Herald of Ice
poedb.tw/us/Arctic_Armour, Arctic Armour
poedb.tw/us/Alchemists_Mark, Alchemist's Mark
poedb.tw/us/Purity_of_Ice, Purity of Ice
poedb.tw/us/Grace, Grace
poedb.tw/us/Haste, Haste
poedb.tw/us/Hatred, Hatred
poedb.tw/us/Poachers_Mark, Poacher's Mark
poedb.tw/us/Plague_Bearer, Plague Bearer
poedb.tw/us/Snipers_Mark, Sniper's Mark
poedb.tw/us/Temporal_Chains, Temporal Chains
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Impurity_of_Ice, Vaal Impurity of Ice
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Grace, Vaal Grace
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Haste, Vaal Haste
poedb.tw/us/Blast_Rain, Blast Rain
poedb.tw/us/Blade_Flurry, Blade Flurry
poedb.tw/us/Charged_Dash, Charged Dash
poedb.tw/us/Cremation, Cremation
poedb.tw/us/Cyclone, Cyclone
poedb.tw/us/Wild_Strike, Wild Strike
poedb.tw/us/Explosive_Arrow, Explosive Arrow
poedb.tw/us/Explosive_Concoction, Explosive Concoction
poedb.tw/us/Flamethrower_Trap, Flamethrower Trap
poedb.tw/us/Ice_Trap, Ice Trap
poedb.tw/us/Lancing_Steel, Lancing Steel
poedb.tw/us/Pestilent_Strike, Pestilent Strike
poedb.tw/us/Artillery_Ballista, Artillery Ballista
poedb.tw/us/Storm_Rain, Storm Rain
poedb.tw/us/Bladefall, Bladefall
poedb.tw/us/Seismic_Trap, Seismic Trap
poedb.tw/us/Spectral_Shield_Throw, Spectral Shield Throw
poedb.tw/us/Tornado_Shot, Tornado Shot
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Cyclone, Vaal Cyclone
poedb.tw/us/Scourge_Arrow, Scourge Arrow
poedb.tw/us/Ambush, Ambush
poedb.tw/us/Temporal_Rift, Temporal Rift
poedb.tw/us/Summon_Ice_Golem, Summon Ice Golem
poedb.tw/us/Vampiric_Link, Vampiric Link
poedb.tw/us/Phase_Run, Phase Run
poedb.tw/us/Tornado, Tornado
poedb.tw/us/Intuitive_Link, Intuitive Link
poedb.tw/us/Blight, Blight
poedb.tw/us/Rolling_Magma, Rolling Magma
poedb.tw/us/Fireball, Fireball
poedb.tw/us/Frostbolt, Frostbolt
poedb.tw/us/Freezing_Pulse, Freezing Pulse
poedb.tw/us/Stormblast_Mine, Stormblast Mine
poedb.tw/us/Lightning_Tendrils, Lightning Tendrils
poedb.tw/us/Purifying_Flame, Purifying Flame
poedb.tw/us/Raise_Zombie, Raise Zombie
poedb.tw/us/Spark, Spark
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Blight, Vaal Blight
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Fireball, Vaal Fireball
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Spark, Vaal Spark
poedb.tw/us/Kinetic_Bolt, Kinetic Bolt
poedb.tw/us/Contagion, Contagion
poedb.tw/us/Conversion_Trap, Conversion Trap
poedb.tw/us/Flame_Wall, Flame Wall
poedb.tw/us/Frost_Bomb, Frost Bomb
poedb.tw/us/Frost_Wall, Frost Wall
poedb.tw/us/Frostblink, Frostblink
poedb.tw/us/Summon_Holy_Relic, Summon Holy Relic
poedb.tw/us/Orb_of_Storms, Orb of Storms
poedb.tw/us/Summon_Raging_Spirit, Summon Raging Spirit
poedb.tw/us/Bodyswap, Bodyswap
poedb.tw/us/Clarity, Clarity
poedb.tw/us/Flame_Dash, Flame Dash
poedb.tw/us/Siphoning_Trap, Siphoning Trap
poedb.tw/us/Lightning_Warp, Lightning Warp
poedb.tw/us/Summon_Skeletons, Summon Skeletons
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Clarity, Vaal Clarity
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Lightning_Warp, Vaal Lightning Warp
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Summon_Skeletons, Vaal Summon Skeletons
poedb.tw/us/Wither, Wither
poedb.tw/us/Arc, Arc
poedb.tw/us/Creeping_Frost, Creeping Frost
poedb.tw/us/Bone_Offering, Bone Offering
poedb.tw/us/Storm_Brand, Storm Brand
poedb.tw/us/Icicle_Mine, Icicle Mine
poedb.tw/us/Blazing_Salvo, Blazing Salvo
poedb.tw/us/Scorching_Ray, Scorching Ray
poedb.tw/us/Incinerate, Incinerate
poedb.tw/us/Flame_Surge, Flame Surge
poedb.tw/us/Flesh_Offering, Flesh Offering
poedb.tw/us/Ice_Nova, Ice Nova
poedb.tw/us/Ice_Spear, Ice Spear
poedb.tw/us/Lightning_Trap, Lightning Trap
poedb.tw/us/Manabond, Manabond
poedb.tw/us/Power_Siphon, Power Siphon
poedb.tw/us/Essence_Drain, Essence Drain
poedb.tw/us/Spirit_Offering, Spirit Offering
poedb.tw/us/Storm_Burst, Storm Burst
poedb.tw/us/Storm_Call, Storm Call
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Arc, Vaal Arc
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Ice_Nova, Vaal Ice Nova
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Lightning_Trap, Vaal Lightning Trap
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Storm_Call, Vaal Storm Call
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Power_Siphon, Vaal Power Siphon
poedb.tw/us/Voltaxic_Burst, Voltaxic Burst
poedb.tw/us/Wintertide_Brand, Wintertide Brand
poedb.tw/us/Galvanic_Field, Galvanic Field
poedb.tw/us/Arcane_Cloak, Arcane Cloak
poedb.tw/us/Cold_Snap, Cold Snap
poedb.tw/us/Herald_of_Thunder, Herald of Thunder
poedb.tw/us/Wave_of_Conviction, Wave of Conviction
poedb.tw/us/Brand_Recall, Brand Recall
poedb.tw/us/Righteous_Fire, Righteous Fire
poedb.tw/us/Summon_Skitterbots, Summon Skitterbots
poedb.tw/us/Forbidden_Rite, Forbidden Rite
poedb.tw/us/Tempest_Shield, Tempest Shield
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Cold_Snap, Vaal Cold Snap
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Righteous_Fire, Vaal Righteous Fire
poedb.tw/us/Assassins_Mark, Assassin's Mark
poedb.tw/us/Convocation, Convocation
poedb.tw/us/Conductivity, Conductivity
poedb.tw/us/Bane, Bane
poedb.tw/us/Malevolence, Malevolence
poedb.tw/us/Despair, Despair
poedb.tw/us/Discipline, Discipline
poedb.tw/us/Elemental_Weakness, Elemental Weakness
poedb.tw/us/Enfeeble, Enfeeble
poedb.tw/us/Flammability, Flammability
poedb.tw/us/Frostbite, Frostbite
poedb.tw/us/Purity_of_Lightning, Purity of Lightning
poedb.tw/us/Purity_of_Elements, Purity of Elements
poedb.tw/us/Zealotry, Zealotry
poedb.tw/us/Spellslinger, Spellslinger
poedb.tw/us/Energy_Blade, Energy Blade
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Discipline, Vaal Discipline
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Impurity_of_Lightning, Vaal Impurity of Lightning
poedb.tw/us/Wrath, Wrath
poedb.tw/us/Lightning_Conduit, Lightning Conduit
poedb.tw/us/Armageddon_Brand, Armageddon Brand
poedb.tw/us/Ball_Lightning, Ball Lightning
poedb.tw/us/Flameblast, Flameblast
poedb.tw/us/Kinetic_Blast, Kinetic Blast
poedb.tw/us/Discharge, Discharge
poedb.tw/us/Crackling_Lance, Crackling Lance
poedb.tw/us/Divine_Ire, Divine Ire
poedb.tw/us/Hexblast, Hexblast
poedb.tw/us/Pyroclast_Mine, Pyroclast Mine
poedb.tw/us/Firestorm, Firestorm
poedb.tw/us/Eye_of_Winter, Eye of Winter
poedb.tw/us/Winter_Orb, Winter Orb
poedb.tw/us/Vortex, Vortex
poedb.tw/us/Lightning_Spire_Trap, Lightning Spire Trap
poedb.tw/us/Penance_Brand, Penance Brand
poedb.tw/us/Raise_Spectre, Raise Spectre
poedb.tw/us/Dark_Pact, Dark Pact
poedb.tw/us/Shock_Nova, Shock Nova
poedb.tw/us/Soulrend, Soulrend
poedb.tw/us/Stormbind, Stormbind
poedb.tw/us/Summon_Reaper, Summon Reaper
poedb.tw/us/Glacial_Cascade, Glacial Cascade
poedb.tw/us/Vaal_Flameblast, Vaal Flameblast
poedb.tw/us/Void_Sphere, Void Sphere
poedb.tw/us/Summon_Chaos_Golem, Summon Chaos Golem
poedb.tw/us/Sigil_of_Power, Sigil of Power
poedb.tw/us/Destructive_Link, Destructive Link
poedb.tw/us/Frost_Shield, Frost Shield
poedb.tw/us/Hydrosphere, Hydrosphere
poedb.tw/us/Summon_Lightning_Golem, Summon Lightning Golem
poedb.tw/us/Soul_Link, Soul Link
poedb.tw/us/Summon_Carrion_Golem, Summon Carrion Golem
poedb.tw/us/Arcanist_Brand, Arcanist Brand
poedb.tw/us/Detonate_Mines, Detonate Mines
poedb.tw/us/Portal, Vaal Breach